A place to put my vimrc so I don't have to create a new one every time. 

<another thing>"something"</something>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Praesent sed eros
nibh. In mattis justo nec tellus blandit faucibus. Donec vulputate tincidunt
consectetur. Nam vel congue sapien, eu bibendum est. Suspendisse volutpat
lobortis sem. Nunc molestie faucibus dictum. Praesent sed sapien hendrerit,
congue neque ac, ultrices lacus. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis
parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Mauris eget ornare ante. Donec
adipiscing ante vel mauris ornare, ac blandit felis scelerisque.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam ornare mauris
lacus, nec volutpat ante semper ac. Aliquam in nisl sollicitudin, imperdiet
nulla ac, consectetur urna. Etiam egestas lacus in risus blandit iaculis vitae
vel tortor. Mauris dapibus semper placerat. Sed cursus sapien ut augue
interdum, sit amet elementum lacus facilisis. Phasellus non iaculis arcu. Morbi
condimentum id nisi a ultricies. Cras suscipit enim id mi bibendum, eu accumsan
nisi aliquet. Vestibulum consectetur est id purus mattis bibendum. Integer
lobortis arcu placerat risus gravida porta. Sed placerat libero non velit
molestie egestas. Donec enim ante, varius et turpis eget, consequat commodo
massa. Duis vel tincidunt nulla. Mauris pellentesque consectetur malesuada.
Mauris tincidunt nisi ac sapien porta, nec hendrerit dui tincidunt.

Quisque viverra, odio vel venenatis porta, est diam mattis sapien, eget commodo
metus magna id mauris. Sed sodales arcu vitae euismod luctus. Aenean laoreet
lorem sit amet lacinia dapibus. Aenean ut urna ut magna venenatis feugiat. Duis
tempus eros ante, ut mollis tortor vulputate eget. Nunc nec ultrices nisi.
Vestibulum congue tortor nec faucibus imperdiet. Nam varius tortor at sagittis
blandit. Ut pulvinar posuere tellus. Pellentesque eget massa sed risus rhoncus
sodales. Ut at lobortis magna. Nulla nec nisi vitae metus tempor dapibus. Sed
non ipsum lorem. Nunc et tortor risus.

Maecenas lobortis dapibus augue, a dapibus nisi pharetra ac. Nam blandit erat
placerat lacinia tempor. Nulla adipiscing, felis ac suscipit dictum, nisl
libero viverra mauris, et aliquet nibh velit ac sem. Suspendisse condimentum
elit scelerisque nisl porta viverra. Etiam vitae dui eu tellus elementum
imperdiet. Morbi elit tellus, accumsan nec mi id, aliquet bibendum lorem.
Maecenas quis pulvinar justo. Donec felis metus, sodales id rutrum in, volutpat
eget dolor. Ut ornare justo id libero fermentum, non malesuada metus rhoncus.
Suspendisse non quam quis elit pharetra ultricies in pellentesque tellus. Cras
felis nulla, sodales sit amet posuere vitae, auctor in massa. Vivamus tempus
diam a metus feugiat venenatis. Nullam eu mi adipiscing, pharetra erat vitae,
ornare tellus.

Duis rutrum posuere risus a hendrerit. Praesent nec lacus dolor. Integer
eleifend, nulla sed sagittis adipiscing, nisi mauris interdum augue, ut
tincidunt metus justo at turpis. Maecenas pharetra, sem in aliquet hendrerit,
leo urna imperdiet libero, vel posuere diam lorem eget tellus. Sed et diam ac
enim varius rhoncus nec sit amet nunc. Vestibulum volutpat turpis quis
fermentum auctor. Donec egestas ut ipsum eget dapibus. Phasellus accumsan
libero sit amet egestas gravida. Aenean quam nibh, vehicula quis consectetur
et, ultrices ac tortor. Nulla scelerisque risus at ultrices luctus.
